but no
very good friends this news very
interesting interesting the nasa of cipher
call relief of a civilization
extraterrestrial was detected and deciphered a
distress signal based on the
mathematics of a condemned planet
outside our own galaxy article
found inside lot 7 in files
UFO recently released by
British defense ministry and
published in national archives
Experts of the NASA related to the interfe
a tactical interest distress call
of a situation this dam that had
reached a maximum and was already about
of dying when the tigers teeth open
the obese still roamed the earth
is 80 thousand years old was received and
gravel at the end of January but only in
the last weeks radio astronomers and
water experts have found the
key to the complex languages ​​based
the mathematics that allowed them
translate the frantic motive of looking
of help
in the world press to their
personally differences about the
surprising message
despite features scientific reports
that they have been scheduled to be published in
two fresh radio astronomy magazines
and the iron verse according to a source
High-ranking Nasa in Houston
the Russian special scientist viktor of the
cob who leads a team of nations
united research in a
observatory operated by the state of 50
miles east of Moscow
Turkish esther said that the signal emanated
from a point beyond the most grace
close to ours
andromeda and was sent by beings that already
they had apparently achieved a
situation no more advanced than ours
here on earth the simple fact that
is removed and a message saying
program is beyond doubt that their
knowledge and its technology to the best
it was within our reach
explained from calculations
and while we have years of study
ahead I can say with certainty that
the death of his disappointment was not
result of a cosmic catastrophe was
the result of a spinning destruction
about himself possibly with weapons
devastating nuclear
from the torturer he flatly refused
a pro works in any of the
magazines with a transcript of
message but it was what he said that he
He started a guilty plea
help us and he went to give data of
aggression of the exact position of
project condemned there was a very
lucid from the station the policy
infernal expulsions deaths and
terminal illness said a rain
of meteors maybe but what matters
and this is just a feeling is a
acceptance of underlying guilt is
As he continues to send messages,
they acknowledge guilty of what happened
they were then the certain ones that
apparently he had no means to
which the remaining profession the trip
interpret space was available
for them but only one very level
limited in the message leaves very clear
that they were trapped in their world said
doctor kulakov so guys I hope that
among those news we see ourselves until the
next you have a day